.TH keyfuzz 8 User Manuals
.SH NAME
keyfuzz \- Modify keyboard scancode tables of the Linux input layer
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBkeyfuzz [\fIoptions\fB]
\f1
.SH DESCRIPTION
You may use keyfuzz to manipulate the scancode/keycode translation tables of keyboard drivers supporting the Linux input layer API. ("evdev API") 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-g | --get\f1
Dump the current scancode translation table of the device to STDOUT.
.TP
\fB-s | --set\f1
Merge the translation table passed through STDIN into the current translation table of the device.
.TP
\fB-i | --info\f1
Show some information about the specified device.
.TP
\fB-d | --device=\f1DEVICE
Use the specified event device. The virtual file /proc/bus/input/devices lists all input devices available on the local system. (Default: /dev/input/event0)
.TP
\fB-v | --vebose\f1
Enable verbose mode. If used together with \fB--set\f1 all translation tables changes are printed to STDERR.
.TP
\fB-h | --help\f1
Show help
.TP
\fB-v | --version\f1
Show version
.SH TRANSLATION TABLES
The scancode/keycode translation tables as read from STDIN or written to STDOUT are formatted as follows: lines beginning with a hashmark and empty lines are ignored. All other lines have to contain a scancode and a keycode number separated by white space. The numbers may be specified either in decimal or in hexadecimal notation. In the latter case, a 0x as to be prepended. You may save the current table by passing \fB--get\f1 to keyfuzz and storing its output in a file. Then, you may restore the table by passing the contents of that file back to keyfuzz with \fB--set\f1.
.SH AUTHOR
keyfuzz was written by Lennart Poettering <mzxrlshmm (at) 0pointer (dot) de>. keyfuzz is available at \fBhttp://0pointer.de/lennart/projects/keyfuzz/\f1
.SH COMMENTS
This man page was written using \fBxmltoman(1)\f1 by Oliver Kurth.
